Given the large number
of industries and problems that fall under the umbrella of Data Science,
there are a lot of different tools and individual nuances of
a particular company or industry for finding solutions.
However, there's actually a common process used to find many solutions in Data Science.
This process is known as the Cross Industry Standard Process for Data Mining or CRISP-DM.
This process has been an industry standard for analyzing data
for years and it has six major phases.
First, developing business understanding.
Second, developing data understanding.
Third, prepping your data to be analyzed.
Fourth, modeling the data.
Fifth, evaluating the results to answer your questions of interest and finally,
deploying changes based on the results of your analysis.
We will look at each of these phases a bit closer in upcoming lessons.